Add documentation to twilio webhooks (#125)
mautic/mautic-documentation: pages/07.Channels/01.Marketing Messages/03.SMS/docs.en.md

The new Text message will be pre-selected so you can save the *Send Text Message* action as well. You can use the action in your Campaign dripflow.

## Tracking Replies and Unsubscribes

> Contacts can unsubscribe from your SMS messags by replying with the word "Stop" to your SMS, Once Mautic recive this SMS that specific contact will be marked as Do not Contact and will not be contacted again.

Reviewer: A couple of typos, and I believe the DNC is set per-channel so we should be clear that they will not be contacted by SMS but may still continue to be contacted via other channels (that is my understanding of how it works, at least).

```suggestion
Contacts can unsubscribe from your SMS messages by replying with the word "Stop" to your SMS. Once Mautic receives this SMS, that specific contact will be marked as Do Not Contact (DNC) and will not be contacted by SMS again.
```

You can also get SMS replies in your contact's timeline like this 

> ![](contact-reply.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of contact reply in their timeline](contact-reply.png)
```

## Configure Twilio Webhooks

> In order to make twilio send back the replies to Mautic you have to do the following steps: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make Twilio send back the replies to Mautic, you have to take the following steps: 
```

> 1. Go to twilio dashboard -> Phone Numbers -> Manage Numbers -> Active Numbers, then select the number you are sending from (the same number you configured in the steps above). or simple follow this link [twilio-active-numbers]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the Twilio dashboard -> Phone Numbers -> Manage Numbers -> Active Numbers, then select the number you are sending from (the same number you configured in the steps above) or follow [this link][twilio-active-numbers]
```

> 2. Go the messaging section, configure with webhook as shown in the screenshot below. make sure you point back to your server like this `https://domain.com/sms/twilio/callback`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go the messaging section, configure with a webhook as shown in the screenshot below. Make sure you point back to your server like this `https://example.com/mautic/sms/twilio/callback` replacing example.com/mautic with the path to your Mautic instance.
```

> ![](twilio-webhook.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of Twilio webhook settings](twilio-webhook.png)
```

> After these configurations you twilio will notify Mautic with any incoming SMS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After these configurations, Twilio will notify Mautic of any incoming SMS messages in response to your campaign.
```

> After these configurations you twilio will notify Mautic with any incoming SMS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After these configurations, Twilio will notify Mautic of any incoming SMS messages in response to your campaign.```
